google auth
once registed with google the firstname and lastname name will be stored in the data base 
 fetch first name and last name from google
 email and phone from google too 
and users can login with google again and again 


before letting the user post lost or found item users must login into the app first 

30 jan 2025
connect the front end part of the code with the backend

while the post is uploading make screen white blur abit and show the loading animation

once the uploading is done dont just alert the user by normal web
notify users by green bubble that will appear once the uploading is done.


set up post found item route and connect it to the front end 

fetch all the posts on to the home page and mark all the lost and found items on to the homepage map 
and showing only the items that shows up on the map there. (near by location)

move the default map to the current location

list all the posted uncliaim items onto the search result 
and configure the mapping part to to list only the item that are unclaim 

make the item cards clickable and navigate to the item page 
    -design the item page 
        - adjusting the layouts and having zoom in zoom out in the pictures too

    - mark map and zoom in picture


claim the item is done (Lost)



make another dedicated page for Return The item (found)

if the users want to return the item they have to send the 


gmail or sms sent to the user and they can set pick up time for that.

once both users agree to return and receive things the receiver set the time and place to pick up the thing.


in order to claim the item users need to id verification first 
    - add another column inside of the users verified and unverify and showing the satus at the account page 
    - add another column in the "user" table called verification (verified/not verified)
    - request claim if verified 
        can get in easily
    - if not  verifired 
        navigate to the verification page first and notify user that please verify before claiming item.

leave at the infomation center of the places. (function)
- design the infomation center reciever return website too.

once i clicked on the button should i navigate to another page 

lost item : 
click Request Claim -> Select Time and Place of to return things -> Chat Created -> Email sent to the returner 
-> in that email if that user agree to use to the time and place they can click in that email if 
they dont they can talk to the receive person there by via click link in the gmail sent to chat 
with another user for another time and place. -> 
once both users agreed on the time -> the system generate a qr code for the request claim user. 
-> users met scan qr and got the thing. 

likely match algorithm (basic first it can be advance later on)


pick up location field can be up to the conversation ot any infomation centers near the area
